


I will go ahead and test. Let's deal with the role gating for the app in one, fell swoop:
Please generate a text file for me in /docs/ that is a matrix with Create | Read | Update
| Delete(soft)  as columns, and each table/domain entity as rows. I will create a legend
that assigns single letters to either a single role or a group of roles, and I will put
those letters in each cell of the matrix to indicate which roles can do this particular
operation for this domain. Could you then read that matrix after I fill it out, and handle
basic gating that way? 


08/12/2025

Game Events should capture the following:
- person_id (drop down of persons from game roster.)
- position_id (drop down of positions)
- game_id (built in)
- event_type_id (drop down)
- minute (3x3 entry pad for 0-9 to enter minute.)
- field_location (selected by clicking on the field image.)

event type should include goals, fouls, yellow cards, red cards, substitutions,
penalty kicks, corner kicks, injuries, timeouts, timeins, water break, etc.


New table:
team_sandbox {
  id PKEY
  team_id FK team.team_id The team admin role may assign user_ids to persons in this team,
     thus "linking" a user with a logged-in account to a person in a team.
  name (typically the organization and team name, "Scholar's Guild Spartans Soccer",
   for example.)
  description
  owner_id FK user.user_id
  created_at
  updated_at
}

All the other tables (team, game, persons) have a sandbox_id FK to sandbox.id.
This is what carves out the sandbox space for a team or coach to work in without
interfering with other teams or coaches who may want to use the same system.

The sandbox can be thought of by the user as "their private space" in the app.
If they want to share things like roster, statistics, schedule, etc. to the
public, then they can choose to make aspects public. Otherwise, it stays private
to the users granted access to this space (sandbox) by the owner of the sandbox.

This structure exists because a coach that wants to manage his or her team in
this app cannot assume all of the players will sign up and get an account in this
app. Even more so for other players on other teams. The coach must have the ability
to create these entities regardless of user accounts so that he can manage his
players, team, roster, schedule, etc. without assuming the players will sign up
and get an account in this app. There is nothing that would prevent a league from
using this app and having each team create their own sandbox consisting of just
their own team, players, etc. and then being compelled to share certain aspects
of the sandbox (public) or within a league (league) or within a season (season)
to other teams in the league or season.
(Ultimately, the app will probably need league, season, region, tournament, etc.
scopes)

More ideas:

-- Add "photo" field to person table.
-- Add "photo" field to team table.
-- Add "notes" table for creating notes that can be attached to many entities.
-- "Team Gallery", "Game Gallery", "Person Gallery", etc.
-- Add images table.
-- Add videos table.
-- Add ability to add images and videos to games and on calendar.
-- Add internal chat for person-to-person and person-to-team.